Welcome back.
As discussed earlier spring cloud config server fix up the configuration from a git repository.
We would want to connect our limit service to spring cloud config server.
We have the limits services ready and we have spring cloud config server but we have not really connected them
yet.
Before we think about connecting them to git repository we need to install a local git.
So what I'll do is go to Google and you can do a search for git it is the one of the most popular version
control systems as you would already know all the code for this particular code is stored in git hub
which is open source cloudbase installation of kit.
What I will do is I'll go the first result set git hyphen scm dot com if you going there
you can get a basic introduction to get what we would want to do is to install git in our local machine.
So over here because I am on Mac I can see downloads for Mac.
If you're not on Mac you would be seeing your specific downloading here.
The other option is also to go to downloads and pick up the one for your specific operating system so
if you're on Windows go to Windows Mac go to Mac.
Download the exe for you a specific operating system and doubleclick on it to install it.
The installation should be a very very simple process should be a cakewalk.
Couple of clicks to the folder and install it and I see you in the next step.
Once you have installed you are local git.
Until then bye bye.